<h1 style="text-align: center;"><b>Meeting minutes</b></h1>

**Date**: 10.11.2021
**Time**: 06:00 PM - 12:00 AM
**Location**: Room 130 in the library till 9, At Anwar's and Soyam's home after it
**Participants**: 

1. Abu Sadat Soyam 
2. Anwar Al-Dhify 
3. Hasib Iqbal 
4. Ziad Khaled 

---

### Tasks:

- [x] Building the presentation slides

## Notes:

- Meeting started by collecting material to include in the slides about our initial idea - Food waste management system - like statistics about food waste and world hunger, other articles and so on.

- We finished building the first slides of the presentation and we were discussing the system features slides when we hit a roadblock.

  - We started visualizing the system on the board and we started to think about which features could be made.
  - We found there isn't enough CRUD operations  if we go with the idea of having refrigerators to save food 
    - The refrigerator will be a single table on our database and it will contain like 4 fields? Refrigerator name, location,  photo, and empty or not.
    - If someone puts food there it, the empty boolean variable will change to false
    - if all the food is taken, the empty variable will change to true
    - As the idea is that people can just put food in the refrigerator easily and we don't want to make it a process for them to categorize it and we also want to make it easy for people to get the food. We only have one table in the database and there aren't a lot of features that could be built either in backend or frontend. Available options:
      1. We will have another scenario for managing the food. We will not use refrigerators, we will have volunteers who will pickup the food and categorize it and people have to go to our website and sign up to choose what food they want and they will have a bag for this food and they can collect it at certain locations.
         - Pros: More CRUD operations
         - Cons: Twisting the idea to fit more the course requirement.
      2.  Back to square 0 and select another idea
  - We didn't feel comfortable with changing the food waste management scenario as in the pitch feedback we could be asked why aren't you doing XYZ and giving the answer of "we just wanted to create more CRUD operations to pass the course" is not a sensible one.
  - We opted to to trying to find another idea and we came with the idea of EasyWG. At the beginning, it was only a way for people to share the expenses, then we found we could add more features to it.

- We started again visualizing the EasyWG idea and we found we could both have a good idea and meet the course requirements and have a largish project.

- We decided that we will opt to building EasyWG as mobile app, even if it will be the hardest tech stack for us as no members are comfortable with it, as the app functionality and experience is better served with mobile apps.

  
