<h1 style="text-align: center;"><b>Meeting minutes</b></h1>

**Date**: 04.11.2021
**Time**: 9:50 AM - 11:20 AM, after the exercises session
**Location**: Software lab room 51.103 
**Participants**: 

1. Abu Sadat Soyam 
2. Anwar Al-Dhify 
3. Hasib Iqbal 
4. Ziad Khaled 

## Tasks:
- [x] Discussing team ideas
- [x] Discussing technology stack
- [x] Discussing team dynamics

## Notes:
- Proposed team ideas
	1. Ticketing system
		- In normal company that its core business isn't IT, if a technical problem happens they have to call the IT support - which is usually understaffed - and the convential is to call the it guys and they come to solve their problem at their desks. The problem happens when there is different problems happening at the same time and all of the staff want their problem to be fixed immediately.
		- Solution: employees login to the system and enter the problem, they categorize their problem, and submit a ticket. The ticket will open on the it support team dashboard and they will be a queue. And it can be improved with more features as time goes by
		- Todo: search about other competitors and see if they lack some feature.
	2. Waste food management
		- food waste is a problem, restaurents and private houses and supermarkets usually throw extra food and there is people who do something named dumbster diving to find food. 
		- Solution: a platform where we can add restaurents and supermarkets that have extra food and people can find in real time around them that have extra food, so they don't throw it away and poeple cand find it easily
		- maybe gamify it in terms of the companies
		- add admin control for the refregireator owner so he can add data
		- community part people can data about available 
- Technology stack
	- Using NodeJS and ExpressJS for the backend
	- Using docker for the development environment management
	- Using HTML, CSS, BootStrap, ReactJS for the frontend
	- Using MySQL for the database
- Discussed about how we can manage our gitlab repository and coding environments. We decided to use docker to unify our development environments and there will be no Git master for now, and we can discuss it later with how to collaborate on the project repository.
- Next meeting on Sunday the 7th of November online.
## To Do:
- Writing team meeting minutes
- Creating a Whatsapp group for the team
- Thinking about possible features for the project
- Creating the project repository on gitlab
